yes boys it's gonna check out these new
heist ropes what do we even doing this
is the same a single player obviously
y'all shut uh so the main goal for this
heist is to raid a Merryweather
warehouse and steal a shipment of money
I like money yeah how much we talkin
about 25 grand each for first of all we
need to get banned so let's go get this
motherfucking van Stan level 701 damn it
guys good
I probably asked hey what's up guys
let's kick some ass just get him okay
you can't do it forever yeah I just
invited him is dry then I'll play that
shit music in my last time Oh fuck's
sake just start family leak I'm okay
Nick Malik
hello yo yo can you get turn that shit
down Jesus man
oh sorry yeah knows a good star wasn't
it well anyway my fuckers let's go
stupid fan don't care yeah well you
better care cuz I'm tired in any way we
spare no messes up for us cuz you always
mess shit off for us yeah you missed up
big time
oh you hear me oh shut the fuck up and
drive does anyone else get that pain in
their chest when they breathe oh my god
come on in the league Jesus put your
foot down the accelerator respawn we'll
call you driver this is quite nice
actually a better one than yours oh it's
always about the car drug who's with the
shittest car is mad at thumb cake so put
the turbo sound where I do was it bad
that fan loss on that hipster back
where's you own it battery a lot of
classes oh yeah please listen to my Hall
yes ready come on you all right it'll
get the retard about a black room wait
wait that's racist me that's race well
we're here let's do this boys last one
there pays for drinks had to should prob
later let's go let's go come on go uncle
and many obvious ly lost that Bhima
leave them I stay down here's the plan
boys you to take right we should take
left and I tend to get a mother fuckin
meat for y let's do it boys y 0 charge
switch on my balls with channel boss
boys it move up Orianthi name is you
might as well just say that the
continents me to do
Wow I'll be killing people's at a shoe
your name you're shouting you get the
one in the front I'll be the one of the
best true mobster you've got no fan you
got rich milk rum go what finally boy
zebra move up a figure this fast I don't
care what a fuck what we got no team
loves you if I thought nobody just shut
up nobody can dial the missions okay
you understand it's messing up my hair
my utopian you can't miss a movie a
little bit of your banner on whoa I like
it all yes boys look what it is is too
bad so let's go get your numbers up it
was where thou milli to drive the van
because you're in a balaclava wrong so
if you're driving along people below
okay a nice man driving his fan but it
is just out the back whereas or illusion
back on
so then spongy but I don't know why you
waste money muscles or Indians in it man
cheese just for always waiting for
someone to like you right
Emily but best Thomas used to just get
in be put down a stroke get out of it
i smite my controller vibrate when you
even on about you have swayed for the
most random stuff like shut up good
company
call back trouble
yeah one hand check you out the bed off
come on Kay see ya
that was easy wasn't it
what I thought it wasn't hard it is on
house well hey what is the whole thing
let's get off his finger in the second
minute I'm gonna have some chocolate oh
no George way too good
they're well on boys don't get you know
you know you know yeah I remember those
the first step for the highest because
we need to go to stuff ready for that
remain heist so we're ready and prepared
to be need to band next time